1. score all airports in international data

criteria for score:
	cleanliness (demographic of bathrooms across airport) (DONE) scale of 1 - 30 
	yearly travel traffic, how big airport is (DONE)
	how bad area has been affected by covid (DONE)
	tmeliness of airport  (DONE)
	overall airplane services (food, distance, baggage, etc) (DONE) scale of 1 - 20
	prices for airport tickets (DONE)



2. AI Algo
(PART A DONE)
a. User enters data and algo tells if the airport ticket is good. If ticket is bad, algo will suggest other airlines they can use in the area

Q's for user:
	address
	what airline are they using
	where they are flying from
	where they are going to
	price of flight ticket
	number of people going with them on the flight + age

b. User enters data and algo ouputs a list of hotels and attractions they can see (iternary planned out for them)
(TODO) - UPDATE DATE FORMAT FOR HTML FORM FOR TRIP PLANNER
Q's for User:
	where are they going (Region, country, continent)
	how long is their trip
	how many people are going with them on the trip
	purpose of the trip (tourism, family, etc)
	flight airline they are using (for going and coming)
	price range

How to do part b:
1. identify websites i can scrape off of
	*LIVING accomodations - triavgo for hotels 

(DONE)
How to do part a:
1. program will take values entered by user and give a score for airport
	a. generating score for ticket
		* if domestic or international - (DONE)
		* age of people traveling with you, number of people traveling with you, relationship with people traveling with you (DO LATER - HARD RN)
		* price per ticket (DONE)
		* distance of flight, how long will it take (include delays based on airport ??) (DONE BIG POGGGGG)
		* how far airport is from address (DONE)

2. if score is below a certain standard, airport ticket will be deemed bad (DONE)
3. webscrape to try to find alternative options that meet criteria for good ticket
	a. scrape site that has info we need
		* needed info: flight starting spot, flight landing spot, distance of flight (would be nice to have), 
		delays / layovers, flight time (hours, would be nice to have) 
		* need 
